_includes/index.md, before:

<img src="debops.png" width="128px" height="128px" style="float: right;" />

DebOps is a collection of [Ansible](http://ansible.com/) playbooks and roles
which can create and maintain [Debian](http://debian.org/)-based Linux
infrastructure, scalable from one virtual machine to an entire data center.

You can get the [source code](https://github.com/ginas/ginas/) from GitHub or
hang out with the authors on IRC
@ [#debops](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=debops) on Freenode.

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ginas/ginas/"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/ginas/ginas.png?branch=master" style="float: left;" alt="Travis-CI" />

<div class="github-fork-ribbon-wrapper right fixed" style="width: 150px;height: 150px;position: fixed;overflow: hidden;top: 0;z-index: 9999;pointer-events: none;right: 0;"><div class="github-fork-ribbon" style="position: absolute;padding: 2px 0;background-color: #333;background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0), rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15));-webkit-box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);-moz-box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);z-index: 9999;pointer-events: auto;top: 42px;right: -43px;-webkit-transform: rotate(45deg);-moz-transform: rotate(45deg);-ms-transform: rotate(45deg);-o-transform: rotate(45deg);transform: rotate(45deg);"><a href="https://github.com/ginas/ginas/" style="font: 700 13px &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;color: #fff;text-decoration: none;text-shadow: 0 -1px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);text-align: center;width: 200px;line-height: 20px;display: inline-block;padding: 2px 0;border-width: 1px 0;border-style: dotted;border-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">Fork me on GitHub</a></div></div>

Commit message:

Add a note about code overhaul and ginas rename

_includes/index.md, after:

<img src="debops.png" width="128px" height="128px" style="float: right;" />

DebOps is a collection of [Ansible](http://ansible.com/) playbooks and roles
which can create and maintain [Debian](http://debian.org/)-based Linux
infrastructure, scalable from one virtual machine to an entire data center.

The project, after a rename from "ginas" and code overhaul, will be
available in [main repository](https://github.com/debops/) in a few days.
For now, you can get the [ginas source code](https://github.com/ginas/ginas/)
from GitHub or hang out with the authors on IRC
@ [#debops](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=debops) on Freenode.

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ginas/ginas/"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/ginas/ginas.png?branch=master" style="float: left;" alt="Travis-CI" />

<div class="github-fork-ribbon-wrapper right fixed" style="width: 150px;height: 150px;position: fixed;overflow: hidden;top: 0;z-index: 9999;pointer-events: none;right: 0;"><div class="github-fork-ribbon" style="position: absolute;padding: 2px 0;background-color: #333;background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0), rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15));-webkit-box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);-moz-box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);box-shadow: 0 2px 3px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);z-index: 9999;pointer-events: auto;top: 42px;right: -43px;-webkit-transform: rotate(45deg);-moz-transform: rotate(45deg);-ms-transform: rotate(45deg);-o-transform: rotate(45deg);transform: rotate(45deg);"><a href="https://github.com/ginas/ginas/" style="font: 700 13px &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;color: #fff;text-decoration: none;text-shadow: 0 -1px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);text-align: center;width: 200px;line-height: 20px;display: inline-block;padding: 2px 0;border-width: 1px 0;border-style: dotted;border-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">Fork me on GitHub</a></div></div>
